Kenji Nicholson
kenjilee
CSE 403 Week 4 Individual Report
4/15/18

1.) For the following week, I plan to gain a better grasp as to how to approach our program.
This will be vital in completing the architecture and implementation plan. That said, I will
be conducting even more research on current approaches that solve git merging issues. Currently,
I strongly believe that our approach to the issue must find the 'sweet spot' between automation
and user input. Having user input will allow the tool to generate the correct merges more often,
and if we can find a way to streamline the user input (via a GUI or something), then it will make
programmers' lives much easier. That said, I am still not entirely sure what algorithms we should
use for automating git merges, or how to define a 'successful merge', so I will research more on
that.

2.) Up to now, we have completed the Architecture and Implementation addition to the report. We
did not do as well as we had hoped, however. Regardless, I think I have a better grasp on how
we can include something new to the program: a GUI. Similarly to what I said last week, the 
'sweet spot' is something that can find balance between automation and user input. After discussing
as a group, we decided on going down the GUI route because this will help make user input on
merges easier as it will give them more tools to decide how they want the merge to result. In
addition to deciding this, I contributed a mockup GUI to our group report and also briefly talked
about the existing systems relevant to our project (that being conflerge.) I am currently stuck
on where to go from here and how to begin implementation. As for algorithms, we will use
similar algorithms to those used in Conflerge. Also, our definition of a successful merge
will be a merge that aligns with the programmer's intent.

3.) For this week, my goal is to help prepare the presentation by basically outlining our report
and deciding which details to add and which details to leave out. On top of that, we have to
revise our proposal again, so I will help contribute to that as well. Then, we have to start
the "user manual," but the link on the website is currently broken, so I'm not sure how to contribute
to that-- I will figure that out. On top of all of this, I am going to take an indepth look at
Conflerge's implementation to see how they organized their infrastructure so we can get a starting
point on the project's implementation. 